https://codepen.io/reannalacasse/pen/QWwVYmv

    1. What is Semantic HTML?
 	HTML markup written semantically, or in a way that clearly shows meaning.

    2. What is HTML used for? 
	HTML builds the bones of a webpage, the structure without styling. The walls of the house.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
	An attribute is a modifier put inside an opening HTML tag that provides additional functionality to the tag.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
	An h1 is a heading tag that denotes the most important heading on the page, it should only be used once.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
	a and img

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
	metadata

    7. What is an id? 
	ID is an attribute that is a unique identifier for an element 

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
	Any element

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
	You can only use each ID once.

    10. What is a class? 
	An attribute which is used to define styles for elements that share the class.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
	Any element

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
	As many times as needed.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
	with the target="_blank" attribute

    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
	Alternate text for images for use if the image can't be displayed and as description for screen readers and other assistive tech

    15. How do I reference an id?
	#ID 

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
	Semantics. Section divides "sections" of a page semantically, where div is used to divide for styling that you don't want to divide semantically.

    17. What is CSS used for? 
	To style a web page. If the HTML is the walls of the house, CSS is the paint/carpets/decor.

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
	h2 { }

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
	An ID can only be used once, a class can be used to style multiple items. 
	You might use an ID to make a single button animate uniquely while you use a class to animate all the buttons of a certain type animate the same way.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
	.class { }

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
	p.human { }

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
	parent > child { }. When you need to only select direct children of the parent and not further decendents.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
	div.sidebar a { }

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
	.class:pseudo { } It is used to define a special state 

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
	line-height

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
	letter-spacing

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
	text-transform: uppercase, lowercase, capitalize

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
	div { border: 1px dotted black;} 

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
	* { }

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
	/* comment here */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
	pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
	ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
	rm <file>. It doesn't give any kind of warning nor does it go to the recycle bin

    34. Why should I use version control? 
	Able to revert changes which break things, able to work collaboratively with multiple people on the same chunk of code without stepping on each other

    35. How often should I commit to github?
	Often. Whenever you are at a state you want to remember. 

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
	git push

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
	Fork > Add TL as collaborator > Clone > Branch (name-name) > Make changes > Add/Commit > Push > Create Pull of your fork > Add TL as reviewer > Submit PR


Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
	Block elements always start a new line and take up the full width available
	Inline elements do not start a new line and only take up as much width as needed

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
	It is positioned relative to the nearest positioned ancestor

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
	Using a flex box with basis or width

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
	Block: p, section, div
	Inline: span, a
	inline-block: img

    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model?
	Basically in CSS/HTML there is a "box" that wraps around the elements. The box model is like a set of nesting boxes with the content (HTML element) in the middle, inside the padding, inside the border, inside the margins. 

